# Summary meeting 2 (25-11-2020)
Secretary: Can Parlar

### Meeting 
Today we had our third meeting together with the TA and we talked about our process this week. Luca was our Sprint Master and I, Can, was the notetaker. This week; we defined our microservices and divided them by creating a domain driven design. We defined API definitions, created databases for each microservice, and worked on subprojects via our subproject architecture. We tried to work with Spring Eureka.
We defined our sprints from Wednesdays to Wednesdays. We have started our main algorithm this week and encountered some problems, we also have some issues with Eureka. We will work more on these next week. We created our entities, dummy classes. To be able to work independently we could use more dummy entities and classes. 

### Feedback
We talked about some feedback points; our issue labels are nice but we have to create more issues at the beginning of each sprint. We also have to define the tasks we have already done via issues. Merge requests are fine, but for the next few weeks, we have to have more concrete descriptions and more comments. We should create a dev branch. We need a checkstyle and PMD reports in the dev branch every week. We also need a spring retrospective. We should work on an equal work distribution, but we look fine.

### Todos
Next week, we have to work on implementation and also show a demo, if possible.