# Summary meeting 1 (11-11-2020)
Secretary: Matthijs de Goede

### Meeting 
Today we had our first meeting together with the TA. After a quick introduction round, the TA explained us the concept of the project and workflow in Gitlab. We will use the Agile Scrum workflow with sprints of 1.5/2 weeks. We will have to create merge requests for all new code and should heavily rely on code reviews. 
We agreed to use https://commit.style/ as a commit style guideline and to only merge requests with at least 2 approvals from other team members. For each sprint, we will have to write a retrospective and report, for which these meeting summaries will build a foundation. We haven’t yet decided on the scrum master and secretary, but we will probably alternate the latter every meeting. Subsequently, the TA walked us through the requirements of the system that is to be built. 

### The system to build
We will be creating a lecture scheduling system that enables students to attend at least 1 on-campus lecture every two weeks. The program has to deal with around 500 students in year 1 and 300 to 350 in subsequent years. Every course is linked to a specific teacher, who can add new lectures to the schedule and is able to retrieve an overview of the upcoming lectures and their details. For each lecture, a subset of the students is selected to attend it live on campus, whilst the rest of the students will watch the lecture at home via a live broadcast. After login, students can retrieve information on when they are selected to attend live lectures, where they take place,  and when they are expected to watch online. Students can also indicate that they won’t be attending the on-campus meeting. However, the slots that become available this way will not be re-assigned. Each lecture takes place in a room that is allocated based on the timeslot of the lecture and required capacity. To reduce simultaneous movements on the corridors, 45-minute gaps between two lectures in the same room are introduced. In order to comply with the 1.5 meter distance measure of the government, only a certain percentage of the capacity of each lecture hall can be used.  For rooms with a capacity greater than or equal to 200 seats, this percentage is 30%, whereas for rooms with less than 200 seats it is 20%. As the regulations are changing frequently, updating input parameters should be done easily. The backend of the program should be a rest-ui without any GUI whatsoever. All information is retrieved by means of API calls. 

### Todos
Prior to our next meeting, we will set up a clear list of requirements and inject them into the scrum board on Gitlab. We were advised to make use of the labelling and milestone feature for specific deadlines.
